If you're willing to marry me, I'll stop.
And I'll tell you all of Victor's company's business secrets.
How about that?
Elena, your actions are so childish.
Turn to threaten me with this?
John, you'll regret it.
Was that Elena? What did she want?
Nothing. She was trying to manipulate me.
I have to stay and find out if Victor is the real murder of my parents.
I'm gonna put him in jail and make sure he receives the punishment he deserves.
Now, the most important thing is to get the new sources.
Our R&D project took three years.
If we want to find a new talent to redevelop, I'll first do eight.
I didn't think about what to do next.
Our company has basically been taken home as it is.
You guys forgot about me.
Rebecca, what are you doing here?